{\rtf1\ansi\deff1{\fonttbl{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\stylesheet{\s0\sbasedon222\snext0\f1\fs20 Normal;}}
\deftab720\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\pgnstarts1
\sectd\headery720\footery720
\pard\plain
{\header\pard\plain\s1\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9340\fs20
\chdate \tab Untitled0\tab \chpgn \par
}
\pard\plain
\pard\plain\s0\ri-2280\fs20
The parameters are set to the values used in the paper.  (Gerkin et al., J. Neurophys., 2007)\par
They can be restored to these values by pressing "Reset".  The simulation can be started by pressing
 "Go".  \par
The resulting evolution of "W" from the model will be displayed in the graph titled "Results".  
\par
Each time "Go" is pressed the trace in the "Results" graph will be overwritten by the values obtaine
d in the latest simulation.  \par
The code can be examined in the experiment's Procedure Window.  \par
\par
Parameters (most are described in the Methods section of the paper)\:  \par
\par
\pard\plain\s0\fs20
\b duration\b0 \: duration of the simulation in ms.  \par
\pard\plain\s0\ri-2280\fs20
\b frequency\b0 \: frequency of the stimuli (e.g. a doublet or triplet is one stimulus) in Hz.  
\par
\b pulse_width\b0 \: "effective width" of the doublets, i.e. how long do they act on the system?  
\par
\b ba_On\b0 \: Whether or not the AB doublet is "on" (0 or 1).   \par
\b ab_On\b0 \: Whether or not the BA doublet is "on" (0 or 1).  \par
\b timing\b0 \:
 Interval between doublets (time of BA - time of AB).  +10 would be the ABA triplet, and -10 would 
be the BAB triplet.  \par
\b dt\b0 \:
 The integration timescale for the equations.  Smaller values are more accurate, but take more time
 to simulate.  Values much above 0.01 can yield errors.  \par
\b p_off\b0 \: The rate at which the potentiation process \b\i P\b0\i0 
 decays back to 0 after being activated.  \par
\b d_off\b0 \: The rate at which the depression process \b\i D\b0\i0 
 decays back to 0 after being activated.  \par
\b v_off\b0 \: The rate at which the veto process \b\i V\b0\i0 
 decays back to 0 after being activated.  \par
\b lambda\b0 \: The effect of the veto process on the depression process.  \par
\b p_steep\b0 \: The steepness of the relationship between the synaptic modification \b\i W\b0\i0 
 and the potentiation process \b\i P\b0\i0 .  \par
\b d_steep\b0 \: The steepness of the relationship between the synaptic modification \b\i W\b0\i0 
 and the depression process \b\i D\b0\i0 .  \par
\b w_off\b0 \: The rate at which the synaptic modification \b\i W\b0\i0 
 decays back to 0 after being activated.\par
\b nr2a\b0 \: The relative amount of NR2A (linked to \b\i P\b0\i0 ) that is available.  \par
\b nr2b\b0 \: The relative amount of NR2B (linked to \b\i D\b0\i0  and \b\i V\b0\i0 
) that is available.  \par
\par
Figure 5B was generated by simulating all combinations of \b ab_on\b0 , \b ba_on\b0 , \b nr2a\b0 
, and \b nr2b\b0  (each set to 0 or 1), with \b timing\b0 
 equal to either -10 or +10.  Figure 5C was generated by simulating all combinations of \b ab_on\b0 
, \b ba_on\b0 , with \b nr2a\b0 =0 and \b nr2b\b0 
=2/3 (according to the experimental effects of 100 nM NVP-AAM077, as described in Figure 1), and \b 
timing \b0 set as above.  \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
